hey whats up guys high-tech mods here
with 3j text and a controller mother
Jade sides are currently in my room I'm
not in my house right now I'm in my
uncle's house and just felt bored and
they needed to record a video well at
the moment just finished modding the
xbox that is standing up to jtag i
modded it with LED lights in blue dis
jtag the white one has red LED lights
and the black one also has ready LED
lights I'm gonna put modif faceplate on
both of the white ones and i will make a
video as soon as that happens and about
my modded controllers not none of them
are with me at the moment doll in my
house i'll make a video as soon as i get
there but yeah let me show you this jtag
right here you see it turns blue and it
has a new kinect dashboard just make
sure that you believe me that is a jtag
i will show you that it has xexmenu and
everything else oh hi tech runs xbox
live as you know hi tech magis here i go
to game library have all this
XX menu play game
so I hate my uncle's house is
TVs sucks ass but I yeah you can see at
my ex x-men you have all my patches here
high-tech round all my patches here oh
yeah guys uh comment rate subscribe this
video on what you think about the new
jtag I just made and the new LED lights
I will be selling jtaggable jtags modded
controllers flash USB and I will help
anybody they need to help this message
me I aim which is high-tech models with
onesie and yeah what else uhhhh if you
do YJ time message me if you need help
anything message me and I will help you
so yeah comment rate subscribe I take
mugs out